Update release notes for 19.2 (#15933)
wordpress-mobile/WordPress-Android: WordPress/jetpack_metadata/release_notes.txt

> - Font size and line height support for block themes.

Reviewer: 🎉  That makes the notes even shorter now, going from 354 to 322 characters!

Even leaves enough room to make that a bit more sentence-y in the "long" notes like here if you want (while keeping the concise wording for the "short" alternative)?  🤷  Up to you, really, I'm fine with both.
```suggestion
- Font size and line height are now supported for block themes.
```
```suggestion
- Block themes now support font size and line height adjustments.
```

Author: Oh nice! That would be better yes, thanks for the suggestion. I see the metadata strings were updated already. Am I too late? 😅 I'm fine with either option though.

Reviewer 2: 👋 @geriux !

Not to worry, just do any additional updates as you feel like and let me (or @AliSoftware) know afterwards. I can re-run the script one more time, it is no big of a deal. 💯

Author: Thanks! Updated!

Reviewer 2: Coolio, I am seeing you update the `long` version of the `Jetpack` release notes only. Is that on purpose @geriux ?

Author: My bad 😅 , I've just updated the WordPress one too.

Reviewer 2: 😅 Great, it is looking good now, thank you! 🌟
